All right, this is a solution to exercise 96. What I'm doing is I'm opening a file in apend mode which means
if the file doesn't exist, afile with this name will be created.
Otherwise the content will be appended to the existing file. That ensures that when you execute the program
for a second time the lines of the user submits they will be added, appended to the existing text file.
So we need a loop then to ask the user repeatedly for input. Here we ask for input and immediately we
need to check if that input is equal to a closed string.
If it is equal we close the file which means we are saving the changes to the file.
And so you can view the file with other programs, the content of the file. And you also break
the loop
if that input is equal to close and that stops the program.
Otherwise if that is not equal to close, so it can be equal to anything in that case we write that
content in the file.
That's the program, quite straight forward, and I'll talk to you later.